{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 We encountered some difficult times during this project when it came down to making big design decisions. Let's get right into it.\
\
1) We decided to make the drop down links hot, instead of just toggles for showing the drop down menu. This allows for us to make those words links, which means that they can link to a page that organizes content in what would have been secondary-level pages, now into third level-pages. This makes it so the user experiences a new "home page" within a subsection. For example, the clicking on about (drop down toggled by hover) would take you to a page that has a new side-bar menu for About, whereas a toggle-ableable About drop down would link directly to an About page. Subtle difference, but we think it's significant in the larger scope of things.\
\
2) We had to decide between using a large "list" type of thing for information, divided into subsections, and using toggle-able tabs. Using these tabs allows all large headers to be seen (take the faculty and staff page, for example). Users, both new and old, can avoid the clutter and having to go through a LOT of information by just clicking on one of the tabs. We're not sure this was the best idea, but it seemed like something cool and new to try. Mulitiple tabs can be opened at the same time, so there's no real loss of functionality. When they're all opened, the page effectively becomes "list format" anyhow. \
\
3) The last major hard decision we had was deciding what to include in the drop downs, and what to include on the "secondary-level home pages" (stuff reachable only by directly clicking on one of the four drop down options or by clicking on the drop down option, "see more." We just used our logical minds and counted how many situations whichever links would be needed in, and we included the main ones as drop down elements. }